[RFC] Update glossary RFC (#4118)
CodaProtocol/coda: rfcs/0023-glossary-terms.md

**Alternatives:**
- External transition - maybe this is more precise, but has the heavy lifting of having to explain a new term for a mostly similar concept. Additionally, the word transition is very similar to transaction, causing confusion at times.

### Snark worker
**Concept:** A Coda node that produces SNARKs to compress data in the network.

> **Rationale:** The community likes SNARKs and it is a point of differentiation for Coda, so snarker is an engaging term.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Rationale:** The community likes SNARKs and it is a point of differentiation for Coda, so Snark worker is an engaging term.
```

- Trustless nodes - again, some lifting required.
- Light node / light client - has a negative connotation of not being able to validate chain state.

### User Transaction
**Concept:** A transaction issued by a user - currently a payment or a delegation change.

**Rationale:** This term clearly describes the concept, and leaves room for further types of user issued transactions.

**Downsides:** This is a subset of "Transactions", so it is a bit redundant.

**Usage:** There are three types of transactions in the Coda network currently - user transactions, fee transfers, and coinbases. User transactions allow users to manage accounts and send money.

**Alternatives:**
- User command - this term is confusing, especially in  docs, as it can be conflated with a CLI command that a user issues.

### Protocol Transaction
**Concept:** A transaction issued by the protocol - currently a fee transfer or coinbase (both are structurally identical).

> **Rationale:** In discussions with parties that were not familiar with the protocol, fee transfers were misunderstood as representations of fees associated with a user transaction. As soon as it was explained that these were transactions programatically issued by the protocol rather than a user, it became clear. As such, it is recommend to partition transactions into *user transactions* and *protcol transactions*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Rationale:** In discussions with parties that were not familiar with the protocol, fee transfers were misunderstood as representations of fees associated with a user transaction. As soon as it was explained that these were transactions programatically issued by the protocol rather than a user, it became clear. As such, it is recommend to partition transactions into *user transactions* and *protocol transactions*.
```
